Have to feel like there has to be some
questions in the live audience here.
>> What was the difference
between that event emitter
from the Angular core and
events and the other one?
>> So the question is,
what was the difference between
the event emitter from Angular core or
events or even Protractor.
[LAUGH] Unfortunately, it's the same name,
it's a totally different implementation,
and so it just doesn't work.
And so you'll emit this event,
and Angular will go,
I don't know what this is,
and it'll just explode..
Which is embarrassing when you're
trying to do a product demo.
Or something where this should be working,
and
you realize you've done the wrong import,
or just pulled it from the wrong place.
So that's the difference,
is one works and one doesn't.
>> I guess a curiosity thing for
me that you might've touched on already,
but subscribing to observables, is that
a component thing or a service thing?
Is there a preferred place for that?
>> So the question is,
when I subscribe to an observable stream,
is there kind of a preferred
place to do that?
And, There's a couple of things that you
could do that we didn't get to today.
One thing you can do Is you can
actually take an observable stream and
run it right into the template
using an AsyncPipe.
And so generally the general consensus is,
is once you have an observable
stream in your component class,
that you don't unpack it in the class.
You can, but it's actually more
efficient to just put it into your, just
run it right into your template using the
AsyncPipe and it will unwrap it for you.
And so
I think there's a possibility we could
possibly get into like Reactive Angular,
and talk about that where we would
definitely talk about state management.
But that's one of those
things that comes in is,
you can either do it within like
a service that manages that state.
Or if you're piping
the stream into a template,
then you actually run through the
component into the template and unpack it.
So that's kind of where that goes.
I'll either run into the template or
I'll have a specific class that
handles those side effects for that.
So another question that Noah had, and
the question is, so
Noah's learning React, and
he wanted to know,
other than batteries included,
is there anything that sets Angular apart?
So I will say it's a nontrivial detail,
is that you get everything just
packaged up into this single thing.
That's in terms of large-scale
development, that's really, really handy.
The other thing that I
think is important for
Angular Is that one,
observable streams are baked right in.
And so the things that I like most
about Angular actually are not part of
the framework by design.
TypeScript, observable streams are,
I think, really,
really, really powerful, and
I think they're fantastic.
Now, In terms of choosing one
framework over the other,
I find that people that are classically
trained, such as Java or .NET, especially
.NET developers, because Anders,
who created C# also created TypeScript.
Is that if you know C#, it's really
easy to make that leap into TypeScript.
Whereas somebody who has maybe come up
from a JavaScript kind of a background,
some of that structure and
different things is going to be weird.
And so that's where I think it depends
on where are you coming from, and
what is the skill level and
the comfort level of your team?
So in React, for instance,
you abstract everything out of the DOM.
And it's done in JSX, which is really
just a layer on top of JavaScript.
For me,
that feels just a little unnatural.
I think having a DOM is very good for
very specific reasons,
and I don't think you
should throw it away.
But at the same time,
React does a really good job.
And the other thing is like,
what about Vue?
Well, for instance with Angular, it's
kind of all or nothing a lot of times,
it's kind of pre-Elements.
Or Elements are the kind
of the Angular like
native components that you can generate.
And so
I've had situations where it's like,
I just need to update this one
little thing on this page.
Well, I'm not gonna generate an entire
Angular application to do that.
And so that's where I think
Vue comes in really nice,
cuz you can just shoehorn that in and
you get that functionality.
With that said, is I think every
framework in terms of parity, again,
I'm not trying to alienate Amber,
I would say even or even actually Dojo,
which not a lot of people talk about.
But all of these major
frameworks have parity.
And so one is I think not leaps and
bounds ahead of another one,
they all pretty much do the same thing.
It's what are you most comfortable
with and what kind of resonates with
you philosophically and feels right for
you, as well as your team?
Another question here, Camilla asked,
I noticed you weren't using any types
even though we're using TypeScript.
That was purely for velocity.
That was just so that I could get three
days' worth of material into a single day,
which obviously I wasn't quite successful.
But generally given enough time,
I would go back and
create interfaces and custom types.
So just because I didn't do that doesn't
mean I don't or do not believe in it.
And so definitely, if we had
another day to expand on this is,
I would actually go and
create interfaces for everything.
So then as we pass it around,
there's that type safety.
So Jordan asked, when you unit tested,
you mentioned that components that don't
handle logic are solid,
less prone to breaking.
When you have many levels
of logicless components,
how would you go about unit testing them?
That's [LAUGH] a really good question.
So we have a bunch of logicless or
presentation components,
how do we unit test them?
Well, the answer is, you don't.
Now pause, and if somebody just ended
the video and just like, we're done,
he would get the wrong idea.
I believe in really testing
your components, but
by removing units of logic,
you don't have anything to test.
So now you move that burden
into end-to-end testing.
And so you still test it, but
you just don't do it at the unit level.
Instead, you move it to end-to-end, which
then allows you to test whole features and
whole workflows versus
single units of logic.
And that's the other piece,
is that when you unit test,
you really wanna focus on very small,
fine grained pieces of code to test.
Versus just these kind of large things
that you're trying to test, and being
able to just dial in onto a single piece
of logic versus kind of a large thing.
And so I think a lot of times
people approach their unit testing
like they're testing the feature.
And instead of just trying to test
even just a couple lines of code.
So the answer is, you don't unit test it,
but you do end-to-end test it.
And so you just are moving that
burden of validating correctness
further up the chain.
All right, let me see here,
do we have any other questions?
>> How would you go about refactoring
one of those modules to be lazy loaded?
>> If we go into a app-routing.module,
We have courses, so in master,
courses is lazy loaded.
And so if we step in here,
you'll notice that I have a CoursesModule.
And so that's the first thing is you say,
I have this component,
I need to put it in a module.
From here, then when you do the path,
you call loadChildren,
and you essentially import that module.
And then you basically unpack
the CourseModule there.
And so when it goes to this,
essentially what happens is it's
now doing this asynchronous call.
So when you go to courses,
it's saying, I need to import this.
And when it's done, I need to
unpack the CoursesModule module and
make it available to Angular.
Does that make sense?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah, so essentially you're
just treating it as a module.
You're doing an asynchronous call,
which is you can see this .then.
So this is actually returning a promise,
which is a bit odd.
And then it's saying within this module,
go and
unpack this LoginModule or
the CoursesModule.
So here it's just going to grab this and
then make it available.
Thank you so very much for
spending a day with me learning Angular,
it's been awesome.